How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	I was able to detect the difference between these two 
	files. If I know that the first version is correct and 
	works well, I can easily find the places in a new file
	that differ from thr older version. In this way I can
	find a bug in the code.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file 
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	Access to the entire history of a file makes it possible
	to analize the development of a project and control 
	debugging.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually 
choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, 
vs having version s automatically saved, like Google Docs
does?

	Pros of git: only you control the update process. This 
	can help you to control the version that you save.

	Cons of git: you may forget to update the changes you've
	made to the project.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git,
allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	I suppose that it depends on the purpose of the system. 
	Google docs is made for working with text documents and 
	it is enough to upload a file at a time, whereas 
	software development requires to with several project 
	files at a time.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view 
the history of files?

	git log command shows the commit history. It can be used
	to find the required changes by comment. After that
	two commits can be compared by git diff command.

How might using version control make you more confident
to make changes that could break something?

	Git provides the functionality that can be used to see 
	commit history. Following the history can be used to 
	find commit introduced the bug.

Now that you have updated your workspace set up, what do 
you want to try using Git for?

	I would like to use Git for develooping my projects and
	being able to make changes to them without worring about
	bugs in the code.